Sean M Hamlet
CS50
Problem Set 4
20161028

0.  How many different colors does each format support?
BMP supports up to ~4 billion (2^32) colors (up to 32 bits per pixel).
GIF supports up to 256 colors (up to 8 bits per pixel).
JPEG supports up to ~16 million (2^24) colors (up to 8 bits per RGB color for a total of 24 bits per pixel).
PNG supports up to ~16 million (2^24) colors (up to 8 bits per RGB color for a total of 24 bits per pixel).

1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
The GIF format supports animation.

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
In lossy compression, all of the original data cannot be recovered after compression (i.e. data is thrown out during the compression process).
In lossless compression, all of the original data can be recovered after compression. Therefore, with lossless compression,
you can convert back and forth between lossless-compressed and original file easily.

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
JPEG is lossy compressed.

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
Technically speaking, the first character of the files directory entory is modified to signal that the file has been deleted. Then the file's
memory clusters are added to the list of the hard drive's free clusters (indicating that the memory location can be written to by other data). So the file is not
really gone and in this case, could be recovered if not overwritten.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
One way to ensure (with high probability) that files I delete cannot be recrovered would be to overwrite the deleted file memory location with
random ones and zeros. It would be difficult to recover the original data since the data has been overwritten.

6.  What’s stdint.h?
stdint.h is a header file that defines specific type aliases with specific widths and max sizes. In particular, this header file contains the type definitions used
to create the user-defined typedefs in the bmp.h header of BYTE, DWORD, LONG, and WORD.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
The point is to make sure that the typedefs that are defined are exactly a specific bit width without padding. For example,
unint8_t is an unsigned integer of exactly 8 bits.

8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
A BYTE is 1 byte. A DWORD is 4 bytes. A LONG is 4 bytes. A WORD is 2 bytes.

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?
(Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
The first two bytes of the BMP file contains the bfType, which is the file type and must be "BM" for bitmap files.

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
"bfSize" is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file. "biSize" is is the size of the structure (or BITMAPINFOHEADER) in bytes.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
If the biHeight is negative it means that the bitmap is a top-down device independent bitmap and the origin is the upper-left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
The biBitCount field of the BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP's color depth in bits per pixel.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
One reason fopen might return NULL is if the file has already been created and it is write-protected. Due to write protection,
the file won't be able to be written to, and thus fopen will return 0 or NULL indicating it cannot write.
Another reason could be that the system is out of memory or that we don't have permissions to write in the directory we are trying
to write into.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
The third argument in fread indicates the number of elements you want to read. The third argument in fread is always 1 
because the code is only reading one element at at time. Specifically, the code only reads one BITMAPFILEHEADER, one BITMAPINFOHEADER,
and then loops through and reads one RGBTRIPLE each time it reads.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3
Assuming sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) is 3 bytes/ pixel, padding is 3 bytes if bi.biWidth is 3 pixels.

16. What does fseek do?
fseek sets the position in the file using a given offset and a reference position (e.g. SEEK_CUR. SEEK_SET, or SEEK_END).
In copy.c, fseek is used to skip over any padding to find the next RGBTRIPLE.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
SEEK_CUR is the current position of the file pointer.

18. Whodunit?
Rick Astley
